Random Forest Classifier(one of the best),Bayesian classifier,knn,vector support machine 
user_based detection and content based dection
parameters:
node degree,frequency of message.

user based detection:
1)Reputation score:the ratio between
the number of followers over the total sum of the number of
followers and the number of people a user is following.

The content-based features they
use include (a) content similarity,Replies/Mentions  and wordweight(not able to understand)(b) number of tweets that
contain HTTP links in the most recent 20 tweets, (c) the
number of tweets that contain the “@” symbols in a user’s
20 most recent tweets, (d) the number of tweets that contain
the “#” hashtag symbol.
-----------------
According to 2nd paper 
content based features are :
1:duplicate tweets:spammers often include different
@usernames in their duplicate tweets to avoid be-
ing detected. This is also an efficient way to spam
legitimate users, since Twitter automatically collects
all tweets containing your @username for you.
clean the data by stopping the words con-
taining “@”, “#”, “http://”, and “www.” in the tweets.
In other words, the username information, topic infor-
mation, and links are ignored. Instead only the con-
tent of the tweets is considered.pairwise Levenshtein
distance is calculated in the user’s 20 most recent
tweets. If the distance is smaller than a certain thresh-
old, it is counted as one duplicate.

2:http or www links:witter does not check these shorten
URLs for malware, it is considered as spam if your
updates consist mainly of links, and not personal up-
dates according to Twitter’s policy.
3:replies & mentions:sending unsolicited
replies and mentions.
4:# hashtag:post multiple unrelated updates to
a topic using the # symbol”. The number of tweets
which contains the hashtag # in a user’s 20 most re-
cent tweets is measured as a content-based feature.

Analysis:
An account cannot be predicted as spam
with certainty even though some of its features are
identical to the training examples. Bayesian classi-fier treats the non-deterministic relationship between
class variables and features as random variables and
captures their relationship using posterior probability.
While other methods cannot tolerate this kind of noisy
data or confounding factors, such as decision tree
Pairwise duplication?
--------------
Random Forest Classifier approach to classify spammer or legitimate (one of best algo) will not be used by us bcz code is not available.
-----------------
Network Based spam filtering(Just read it)
This won't be used by us for the project.


 




